Release stream-connectors 26.07 - Release note CTOR-2468 (#5516)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/integrations/stream-connectors-rn.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## 2026

### July

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Enhancement" label="Enhancement">

- [**Clickhouse Metrics**](data-analytics/sc-clickhouse.md) - Added a way for stream connectors to store data for more technical information see [PR 205](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/pull/205).
- [**Canopsis Events**](data-analytics/sc-canopsis-events.md) - Added bulk events, for more technical information see [PR 274](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/pull/274).

> <TabItem value="Bug fixes" label="Bug fixes">

Author: ```suggestion
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Bug fixes" label="Bug fixes">
```

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## 2026

### July

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Enhancement" label="Enhancement">

> - [**Clickhouse Metrics**](data-analytics/sc-clickhouse.md) - Added a way for stream connectors to store data for more technical information see [PR 205](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/pull/205).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Clickhouse Metrics**](data-analytics/sc-clickhouse.md) - Added a way for stream connectors to store data. For more technical information, see [PR 205](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/pull/205).
```

> - [**Canopsis Events**](data-analytics/sc-canopsis-events.md) - Added bulk events, for more technical information see [PR 274](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/pull/274).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Canopsis Events**](data-analytics/sc-canopsis-events.md) - Added bulk events. For more technical information, see [PR 274](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/pull/274).
```

> <Tabs groupId="sync">

Author: ```suggestion
```

<TabItem value="Bug fixes" label="Bug fixes">

> - [**Centreon library: sc_event**](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/blob/develop/modules/centreon-stream-connectors-lib/sc_event.lua) - Fixed `scheduled_downtime_depth` value that can be above 1 and fixed an issue when a status change during a downtime, the event was never sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Centreon library: sc_event**](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/blob/develop/modules/centreon-stream-connectors-lib/sc_event.lua) - Fixed `scheduled_downtime_depth` value that could be above 1. Fixed an issue where events were never sent when a status change occurred during a downtime.
```

> - [**InfluxDB 2 Metrics**](data-analytics/sc-influxdb2-metrics.md) - Properly escape host name in tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**InfluxDB 2 Metrics**](data-analytics/sc-influxdb2-metrics.md) - Properly escape host names in tags.
```

> - [**Centreon library: sc_params**](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/blob/develop/modules/centreon-stream-connectors-lib/sc_params.lua) - Fixed correct usage of broker apiv2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Centreon library: sc_params**](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts/blob/develop/modules/centreon-stream-connectors-lib/sc_params.lua) - Fixed incorrect usage of broker v2 API.
```

> - [**Canopsis Events**](data-analytics/sc-canopsis-events.md) - Fixed for downtime names/id that weren't unique enough and library that wasn't properly detecting the status of a host/service in a downtime event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Canopsis Events**](data-analytics/sc-canopsis-events.md) - Fixed downtime names/IDs that weren't unique. Fixed a library that wasn't properly detecting the status of a host/service in a downtime event.
```
